Rewrite `in`/`not in` ops on `request.META` (#248)
adamchainz/django-upgrade: HISTORY.rst

  Thanks to Daan Vielen in `Issue #240 <https://github.com/adamchainz/django-upgrade/issues/240>`__.

> * Rewrite "HTTP_<x>" [not] in request.META to use request.headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extend ``request.headers`` fixer to rewrite ``in`` and ``not in`` comparisons on ``request.META``.
```
